dashboard/app: say "issue" instead of "crash" (#1938)
google/syzkaller: dashboard/app/mail_test_result.txt

Hello,
{{if .CrashTitle}}

> syzbot has tested the proposed patch but the reproducer still triggered an issue:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
syzbot has tested the proposed patch but the reproducer is still triggering an issue:
```
